I step up onto the railing of the large circular balcony and look down at what could be my last thirty seconds of life.
With my gloved hand bracing the wall beside me, I extend my right foot to caress the air.
People pass me glances as they go to and from the station or check out the balcony vendors.
As expected, no one tries to stop me or convince me to step down.
I knew they wouldn't.
Even if it were their own child jumping, it wouldn't matter.
People here just don't care.
With my foot extended, I scan the platform below, waiting for her.
Rounding one of the balconies walks Skyler.
Those eyes look up to meet my stare with disbelief as I let go of the wall.
Her head pops over the railing, but the ever increasing distance prevents me from seeing her face.
What I would have given to see her reaction.
Few know the exhilaration of diving and even fewer survive to share it.
Falling, unaided and unhindered, with the wind in my face and tears streaming from my eyes into drops that float up against gravity.
Thirty seconds of freedom being carried by the wind into a weightless euphoria.
No safety net.
No parachute.
An eternity, yet over in an instant.
Hundreds of floors pass me with a buzzing blur in a freefall confined into this cylindrical metal chasm.
I avoid hitting the pipes jutting from the walls but draw close enough to feel the wind pressure lap at my face as I pass.
The spike of adrenaline makes me laugh, but the deafening white noise drowns the sound.
People must see me from their shops and homes as I fly past.
Perhaps they are thinking, “Another fool is going to die today.” 
It's possible.
At least hitting the water below at nearly one hundred miles per hour would be a painless death.
The further I fall, the easier the air becomes to breath.
The air is so thin eight thousand feet up where I live.
The skylight visible through the windows of the shops and homes along the balconies dies, signaling the time to end my descent.
I angle myself, tilting my body and arms to drift me close to the thick cable running taut down the center of the chasm.
Reaching out my right hand to the cable, the glove adheres.
The magnetic pull begins to slow me, and after enough time, I grip the cable.
The force wrenches at my shoulder for the remaining duration of my slide until the friction drags me to a stop, the glove burning my hand and the water below visible no more than fifty floors down.
I wrap my legs around the cable to support myself and count the floors to the bottom.
Forty-two, a personal record.
With some effort, I remove my gloved hand from the cable and hang on with my left arm.
Aiming for a section of the wall near a balcony window, I jump.
Three floors pass before my glove makes contact with the metal wall and slows me down.
At the nearest balcony, I catch the railing and wrap my leg over to pull myself to my back on the rough cement floor, the comfortable feel of which the upper floors lack.
With a smile on my face, I attempt in vain to hold in my laughter.
I am invincible.
With my arm in a sling and my right hand still red and sore from the heat of the glove in my back pocket, I curse my terrible luck on my way out of the General Unit Security office for landing in sight of a security patrol; although with the instatement of the new Commissioner of the colony, and by extension the appointment of the Commissioner's chosen Chief of Security, they were too busy to deal with a reckless student, so in reality I am rather fortunate.
I was even able to conceal my glove well enough to prevent it from being confiscated again.
Up the outer stairway to the Academy, I pause by the railing to breathe in the salty ocean air and look at the morning sun over the rolling blue expanse.
This scene alone is enough for me to envy those who live on the lower floors of the spire.
Fishing trawlers dot the cerulean landscape but keep a trade lane open for freight ships traveling to and from our sister spire cloaked in sea mist near the horizon.
Settled in the ocean with its conic foundation, it shoots vertically into the sky.
The mid section is cut off by clouds yet it continues on, breaching through and disappearing into the stratosphere.
I have to wonder if our colony looks just as majestic at a distance as theirs does, if that is why so many people move here, blinded by its gilded façade.
"Keep spacing like that and people will start to think you don’t like living here," says a voice beside me.
“I don’t,” I reply.
I glance over at the pair of hands that appeared on the railing beside me.
The ID bracelet on his left wrist is well worn, and below the twelve digit number that serves as our name inside the colony is a small red square overlaid with a black cross followed by the label Acrophobic.
White-knuckled hands grip his crimson blazer as Stone, my friend of ten years, looks over the blue expanse with a pained expression.
He's much older than any other student, about twice my age, but no one cares that stone attends the Academy instead of working.
People here tend not to ask questions, which works well for the both of us.
"At least you have a chance at a good job after leaving the Academy,” Stone says.
"And only be known as a number and a job? Hardly the life." 
I shake my head slowly.
"I'm looking to cause a bigger ripple, but I need her for that."
Is she coming?"
"I saw her board the Lift-rail just after your jump," Stone replies.
"But I didn't see her get off the on the fifty-fourth floor station."
Don't think she'd skip, unless of course she was traumatized by seeing some idiot jump to his death." 
Stone looks down at me with a smirk, and I reply in kind.
"Anything else you need me to do?"
I shake my head.
"Not until the cafeteria."
"Hope this works," Stone says before walking down the steps.
Up the steps through the crowds on the fifty-fifth floor is the Academy, an educational institution meant to train free-thinking individuals into single-minded drones for the betterment of the colony.
No one I pass on the wide outdoor terrace in front of Academy seems pleased to be here, each dragging their feet inside or chatting amongst themselves on the terrace to stall as long as possible.
Had I the choice, I would have had my father educate me.
I’m already on track to follow his vocation in becoming an Orbitech engineer to maintain the spire’s orbital anchor.
I learned from my father at a young age that were it not for the large weight in planetary orbit at the tip of the spire, there is no way anything this tall would be free standing.
Everything would buckle down under its own weight.
It is not the Commissioner, the Unit Security, or even the hardworking populous, but that anchor alone which allows us to live our lives here.
I stop by the Academy hall's large doors and dispose of my sling, causing a dull pain in my shoulder from the weight of my arm.
Everyone has to pass here to enter the Academy, including Skyler, but the scolding the General Unit Security gave me for diving down the space elevator's tension line again took too long, and with Stone losing sight of her, there is no way for me to know when she will arrive or if she already did.
If she doesn't see me here, the effect might be ruined.
Unless I try to avoid her seeing me for a day to help make her think I actually did die.
I break a sigh and lean back against the cold metal wall.
That wouldn't work either.
My diving is too well known at the Academy, and if I'm not there, she's bound to ask someone else about what she saw.
My face grows a crooked smile, and my worries evaporate with the ocean mist.
From the outer stairway on the other side of the terrace appears a slender figure.
Walking briskly with her arms folded over her crimson blouse, the students give her a wide girth as she approaches the Academy.
Anyone she looks at turns away, as if cut by her glance.
She is intimidating for sure, but that is part of what lights a spark in me.
Diving in human form, terrifying yet beautiful all the same.
Nearing the door to the Academy her pace slows.
She sees me.
Those sharp eyes widen in surprise, but her well trimmed brows soon furrow with confusion.
I only smile back as she walks by, never once breaking our stare.
I hold my breath until I am sure she is well enough inside.
Unable to bear it longer, I laugh, rapping my hand on the metal wall behind me.
It could not have gone better.
I slide down to sit on the ground and take a deep breath.
Perfect.
First, she must have thought she just saw someone die.
Seeing me alive, there is no possible way I am not the biggest thing on her mind right now.
If her experience is anything like when I first saw someone dive, she should be confused about whether or not she really saw me fall, if she was imagining it.
That being the case, there is no one she could ask about it except the person she saw fall, me.
Once classes are over, I sit in the Academy cafeteria to finish the day's homework, which never takes me long.
I make sure to sit in an open and center table, away from any large gathering of people.
Here, I stick out.
Now all I have to do is not appear alert, like I am focused on my studies.
I count the minutes as I work through Kirchhoff's laws in a blank window on my notebook before entering the final numbers in the required answer boxes.
Two hands slam the table in front of me, but I do not startle.
The ID bracelet on the left wrist is void of any markings or labels aside from the twelve digit number.
I insert my stylus in its slot on the back of my notebook and look up.
With her knee on the bench across the table from where I sit, Skyler leans towards me, her free-hanging brown hair almost touching my face
In a stern yet subdued voice, she opens her mouth.
"Why the hell aren't you dead right now? And what is diving?"
The heads of other students populating the cafeteria turn our way.
"Diving? Isn't that when you jump into water?" I reply.
Her slim eyebrows furrow yet again.
She deserves some credit.
Knowing what I did is called diving means she had the resolve to ask someone about it.
Lucky for me, unless someone has dived before, Stone being the only other I know, no one would be able to give her a detailed answer.
"Well," I continue, "with the planet's surface being ninety-eight percent water, jumping off just about anything could be considered diving."
"That doesn't--"
"Explain how I survived?"
My interrogator sits back on the leg she had been kneeling with.
I place my notebook under my arm and bid her to follow, but she hesitates.
"You do want to know, don't you?" I ask.
Not giving her time to decide, I head for the door.
With the brilliant scent of curiosity clinging to her, Skyler hurries to my side, either oblivious or immune to the student stares.
The sea of crimson uniforms part around us as we leave the cafeteria.
It feels empowering and is bound to cause no small stir in the academy.
I wink at Stone standing amidst the students in the hall.
Once out of definitive earshot, Stone begins talking to the confused students to direct the flow of gossip.
With gravity forcing us to our seats, the ships that dot the surrounding ocean shrink below us through the clouds below.
Only the curvature of our small oceanic planet is discernible from the slanted windows of our lift-rail car.
Sitting next to me with her arms folded, she gazes out a window to her side, her shoulder leaning against the purple stripe encircling the walls of out cart marking it as an express line.
The orange warmth of the sun melts the tension of her ever serious expression, and at this moment, she looks almost happy watching the sun set below a bed of golden clouds on the horizon.
She must see the beauty of what so many here take for granted.
Such a symptom is only found in those who have lived elsewhere, especially the cold abyss of space.
Gradually the air thins, causing the seven passengers in our car to breathe heavier.
I rotate my jaw to help alleviate the pain in my inner ear until a light pop equalizes the pressure.
With the slowing down of our car, the gravity lessens, and I stand to stretch my back.
Having reached our destination, the highest floor the lift-rail reaches at near eight thousand feet, our car stops and awaits its turn as one by one the lift-rail cars reach the designated floor and circle the perimeter of the spire until all five are side by side in front of the small station.
Once our door opens, it is not until all other passengers leave that we exit.
We walk into the open lobby of the station.
At its center is one of eight cylindrical chasms making room for the tension lines surrounding the center tether of the spire.
I lead the way up to the second floor of the station where we are met with the bustle of the familiar crowds and shops set in the open balconies surrounding the chasm.
Every turn we take, people follow us with their eyes, their stares never landing on me, only the girl at my side.
Locating a small footwear vendor, I remove my blazer and place it on the ground by the railing beside the small shop.
Turing with my back to the chasm, I face my shadow.
Her head searches from left to right then peaks over the edge of the balcony.
"Isn't this where you jumped from?" she asks.
"How could you have survived a fall like that?"
I jump up to sit on the metal plinth on the other side of the balcony's hand railing.
"I could feed your curiosity about diving, but there is another matter that needs to be addressed, a far more important question in the back of your mind that you may not be all that aware of yet." 
She pauses, crossing her arms and shifting her center of balance to her left leg.
Her eyes shoot from me to the floor and back as if looking for help, or a hint, but I remain silent.
She needs to think for herself.
If she is incapable of finding an answer, then she's no different than any of these other drones inhabiting this colony.
There would be no point in continuing.
After a few minutes of quiet contemplation, her eyes widen but soon narrow back to their sharp edge.
"Why did you single me out?" she asks.
Fighting to keep elation behind a blank expression, I lean back over the chasm and break a crooked smile.
"You are the daughter of the newly instated Commissioner, correct?"
My question freezes her.
Hooking my right leg around the hand rail, I grab her arm before she has a chance to step away.
Leaning back, I pull the both of us over the balcony.
She screams as her hands grope my waist, shoulders, anything to stop her downward slide against my torso.
Managing to hook her foot on my free leg, her slide stops with her cheek pressed firmly against mine and her hair hanging over my face.
The scream dies to a dull and worried moan.
Blowing the hair away from my mouth, I kick loose her leg, sliding her left to an awkward position that wrenches free her left arm from my waist.
She latches onto my left arm with both hands, her outstretched body baring the midriff between her blouse and charcoal slacks.
Seeing the endless chasm beneath, fear silences any voice she may have remaining.
Her face begs me not to let her fall.
I only reply an emotionless stare.
Seeing no help to come from me, she looks around.
"Go ahead," I say. 
"Scream for help." 
"Surly people have noticed." 
Swallowing the fear choking her tongue, she manages to call out.
"Someone! Help!"
Clearly visible from the balcony below, we are noticed by all passing the chasm, yet not even a single pace slows.
"You could tell them there's a reward for saving you."
"You are the Commissioner's daughter."
"Everyone knows that," I tease.
"Please!"
"Anyone."
"Help me…" 
Her pitch elevates to a cry as her voice trails into silence.
Considering this sufficient now that I know no one is going to help, I twist to grab the edge with my free arm.
Contracting my core to curl upwards and grab the ledge, my body shudders at the extra weight on my left arm.
The strain on my shoulder rekindles the pain from this morning's dive.
Now horizontal with the balcony, I hoist up the panicking girl, and together we rotate over the railing to stand once more on solid ground.
Almost as if afraid she would fall again, she clings to me until her breathing regulates.
A brief moment passes before the disheveled girl realizes the man she is holding is the same who pulled her over the edge.
Pushing me back against the railing, her hand balls into a fist.
Impact.
My head swings sideways, and I hear footsteps walking away.
Sliding myself to the gritty synthetic blue floor, I touch my forefinger to my lower lip and look at the red stain.
Leaning my head back against the balcony wall, I laugh.
"Don't be so angry."
"Stone had me hanging for almost an hour when I was in your position."
Footsteps return, and pointed black ankle boots appear on the floor in front of me.
I look up to see the exasperated girl once again.
"Was this some kind of sick joke? Some hazing you do to new people?" she screams.
I shake my head.
"Hardly." I get to my feet and wipe my lip with the back of my wrist.
"I guess I should apologize."
"What I did was a little extreme, but in order to make the impression I wanted, I had no choice."
"Damn it."
"You could have thought of a better way to impress a girl than nearly get her killed." 
"Had you fallen, I would have dove after you."
"It's not that I wanted to impress you more so than I wanted to impress something upon you."
"You asked why I singled you out."
"Being the daughter of the Commissioner is only part of the reason."
"Like me, you were not born here."
"Everything on this planet is new to you, like it was for me ten years ago."
"I'm not following," she says in a flat tone.
"Can I ask you something?"
Did anyone besides you react to my jump this morning?" 
"There were more than a few dozen people walking around."
"Did you see anyone trying to stop me?"
Silence.
"Everything I did was to impress upon you the kind of world you moved into."
"Everything about this colony, this society, is focused on creating the most efficient work force."
"No one needs to think."
"No one needs individuality."
"Unless something concerns them directly, most people turn a blind eye to it."
"I almost became the same without realizing…"
"It scared me, more than anything"
"And to have someone like you in the same position I was turn into another mindless drone like every other person either born or relocated here, I couldn't let that happen."
"I was told suicides weren't all that uncommon here, and that's why no one seemed to care."
"I thought of that, which made this little stunt that much more important."
"People know you"
"They recognize you as the Commissioner's daughter, yet when I held you over the edge, why did no one come to your aid?"
Those sharp-eyes narrow as her mouth opens to formulate an answer, but nothing is voiced.
"It's because your life doesn't concern them," I answer for her.
"It's sickening."
Her face relaxed back to her ever-serious stare
"If you wanted me to know this, you could have just talked to me," she protests.
"Why put my life in danger?"
"Do you think it would have made the same impression if I hadn't?" 
"Having not witnessed it yourself, could you say for certain that you wouldn't write it off as the words of some eccentric?"
I hold up my ID bracelet
Below the number is a black diamond followed by the label Delusional
"But, asking you to believe me immediately is absurd."
"I understand that."
"Now that you are aware, look at it yourself."
"Find the truth in what you see."
"If I tell you how to think, I'm no better than the Commissioner or his council."
I take a few steps forward.
"Hey, did you have a name before you came to the Colony?"
I wait, but taking the silent pause as her answer, I begin to walk away
Before leaving earshot, she calls back.
"Skyler."
In the cafeteria for lunch the next day, I sit with Stone at an open table in the center and recount the events of my discussion with Skyler.
Around us, there is a little more noise in the conversations among the younger classes than I expected.
Periodic glances my direction seem to increase the longer each individual conversation continues.
"What twist did you spin on my encounter with the Commissioner's daughter yesterday?" I ask Stone.
"Simple," Stone replies.
"When asked why the Commissioners daughter would leave school alone with you, I told them that everyone else looked the same to her."
"You were the only one that stood out." 
Stone fashions a devious smile.
The reverberating whispers elevate to a hushed roar.
Skyler stands in the doorway with the crimson blazer I left at the balcony under her arm
She marches across the cafeteria unhindered, again either oblivious to or ignoring the implications of carrying clothing I had not worn to the academy that day.
Stone's smile grew.
It was his idea that I leave the blazer behind.
Genius.
"You forgot this," Skyler says, sitting beside me and placing my blazer on the table.
"You never did finish your explanation," she continues before I can thank her.
"You said that me being the Commissioner's daughter is also important."
"Why?" 
"Look around you," Stone spoke for me.
"I'd wager most the whispering's about you two."
"The youth look up to you as the Commissioner's daughter."
"If someone with a Delusional label like him," pointing to me, "approaches you," pointing to Skyler, "no one would care."
"While young, these kids still have some free thought left in them."
"They haven't turned into mindless stiffs like all the adults."
"I've been at this for a while, and you, Skyler, have been a greater cause for excitement at the Academy in two days than I have ever been able to cause in almost thirty years of trying."
"And me in ten," I add.
"You, a person of authority to the students, approached me."
"This conflicts with all the reasoning that has been drilled into their minds the day they set foot inside the Academy."
"They are going to question if following the mind numbing autonomy of this society is even necessary."
"Are you both some kind of revolutionaries?" Skyler asks.
"I don't give myself that much credit," Stone laughs.
"What we want is not revolution, but enlightenment," I reply.
"I--" 
From the corner of the cafeteria, I hear my ID number called out.
All conversation in the cafeteria ceases.
By the double doors stand three Unit Security personnel in powdered tan uniforms.
Knowing there is no way to avoid them, I stay seated.
They notice my glance, and after confirming with a few students, walk my way.
"You are to follow us," they order.
"Where are you taking him," Skyler asks.
"To disciplinary council," one of the officers reply, pulling me from my seat.
"You would do best not to associate with his kind."
Without further discussion, the officer pushes me towards the door.
"Have a nice talk with your father after I left?" I ask on my way out the cafeteria.
Skyler tries to follow, but Stone cuts her off.
The General Unit Security release me at the Academy with only enough time to hear the signal of the day's session ending.
Seeing me return to the Academy removes any suspicion of ill-doing in the eyes of the students.
Knowing that contact with me would only place Skyler and Stone in danger, I walk back across the terrace without looking for them.
The running patter of two pairs of feet approaches from behind, but I ignore it and head down the outer stairway.
"What happened?" Stone asks, rushing down the steps to me.
"To think that even the new Commissioner is no different from anyone else on this godless planet." 
I lean back against the railing and grip it until the skin on my fingers turn white.
"What do you mean?" Skyler asks, jumping down the steps to join us.
"Without the ability to think for himself, your father defaults to the same threat every other Commissioner in the past has."
I hold out my hand to show off my shiny new ID bracelet.
Under my number is a red diamond with the label Suicidal.
"Do you really think people with no sense of self would ever find a reason to commit suicide?" I ask.
"Falling to your death is the easiest way to disguise capital punishment."
Skyler’s eyes widen.
"I didn't mean any of this."
"I just asked him about what you said."
"I wanted to know if there was any truth to it."
I take a deep breath to calm myself.
"It's not like I didn't expect this eventually, so I can't blame you." 
I face Stone.
"With you being off the grid, it'd be bad for you to be caught up in this."
"I don't think they'll try anything rash if I'm with you," Skyler suggests, but I shake my head.
"No, stay with Stone," I order.
"I should be fine."
"I've been preparing for this."
Skyler steps toward me in defiance to my order, but Stone grabs her shoulder, letting me walk down to the lift station alone.
Knowing that the General Unit Security would be able to find me no matter where I go, I decide to get this over with and take Express Line to the top station.
As expected, my car separates from the other lift-rail cars and stops alone a station short of its intended destination.
This station is far less busy due its lack of shops or anything to draw a crowd.
The door to my car opens and four powdered tan uniforms remove me from the lift.
The small station is empty, evacuated.
I guess they don't want witnesses, not that anyone would care if they saw.
They pull me over to a maintenance door which opens with a grinding metal cry.
The deafening winds of the endless expanse assault us on the outer edge of the spire.
At almost eight thousand feet, the base of the spire is invisible, shrouded in the ocean haze.
One of the security officers pushes me to the edge with a baton, but I smile with confidence.
I feel the my blazer pocket, but its empty.
My countenance falls.
Looking back at the maintenance door, one of the officers holds up a thick black glove.
"How…" I mumble.
The officer tosses the glove far off into the air
I step for the edge but hesitate.
Do I jump after it? 
Can I even catch it? 
My mind draws back to Stone hanging me over the tension line's great chasm ten years ago.
The fear I had forgotten invaded my mind.
The fear of the fall, of death.
"Stop!" yells a female voice from inside the spire.
Skyler and Stone run onto the ledge and are confronted by the three awaiting officers.
Seeing this as my opportunity, I swing my elbow back at the officer behind me, but a mind-numbing blow to the back of my head sends me over the edge.
A torrent of vertigo assaults my clouded mind preventing me from orienting myself.
I spread out my body to slow my spin, my fall, but the world around me keeps rotating.
How do I survive this? 
How long do I have? 
There has to be a way.
Why else did I practice diving? 
What else was it for?
Something impacts me, accelerating my spiral, but soon we fan out, hand in hand.
The spinning stops.
"What are you doing?" I yell at Skyler, but the deafening wind mutes my voice.
Letting go of one hand, she reaches in her pants and pulls out a worn glove with an ID bracelet attached.
I recognize it.
It's Stone's.
I pull her into an embrace.
She holds tight the glove as I place it on my left hand.
Skyler's eyes show no fear.
She trusts me, or she never would have dove.
Trying to shake the fog from my mind, I look back to the Spire, now a fair distance away.
With Skyler at my waist, we lean towards the Spire, letting the air pressure from below move us closer.
The ocean and base of the spire are now visible and approaching fast.
We need a long, smooth line of metal, and I see it.
The express lift-rail track is void of cars, mine having just left the lower station not long before.
We tilt and drift its direction.
I hold tight to Skyler with my right arm and reach with my left.
The glove connects.
We aren't slowing, or at least not fast enough.
With the weight of an extra body and the air moisture on the metal, the single glove is not enough.
I grip as tight as possible and prop my feet against the grooves in the track for whatever traction they could provide.
Skyler lets go with one hand and grabs my glove, adding to the pressure.
Shutting tight her eyes, she places her feet in the grooves as well.
We start to slow.
The end of the track approaches a couple hundred feet below, so I close my eyes and prepare for the worst.
"Come on, come on," I voice through gritted teeth.
The track ends and we fall.
Holding Skyler on top, the impact knocks the breath out of me.
It hurt.
A lot.
But that realization made me open my eyes.
I can feel my arms, my legs.
We're alive.
I sit up with Skyler still clinging to me.
She looks round and sees we are just below the fifty-fourth floor station platform.
Skyler helps me to my feet and we hoist each other up onto the platform.
Rolling to our backs, we hold each other and laugh at our defiance of death as a crowd of students on their way home circle us in awe-filled conversation.
I lean over the railing and look at the rolling waves pass by under me.
From down here, the ocean looks so large, so vast.
I cannot deny it feels odd to be aboard one of the ships traveling between the spires, but now that I'm dead, relocation is the best option.
Footsteps approach me from behind.
Slender arms bearing an ID bracelet with no markings or labels wrap around my waist, and a chin rests on my shoulder.
I turn to look into Skyler's eyes, eyes that now soften when they look back at me.
I show her the worn ID bracelet in my hand.
Etched on the back along the left side is the simple name, Stone.
In the weeks of hiding during our preparation to depart after the fall, we never saw him again.
Whether Stone is free, captured, or dead, we do not know, but Stone once told me stone never knew what happened to his own mentor.
Beside Stone's name on the bracelet is a list of twelve digit ID numbers.
Now displayed in freshly etched numbers at the end of the list is mine.
Skyler takes the worn ID bracelet from me and attaches it to my wrist, removing my shiny old one with the suicide label.
We both hold it by the chain over the boat's railing.
With a confident smile from Skyler, we drop it into the waves below.
